I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Testing 1, 2.
Test 1, 2.
Good evening, good afternoon, good morning.
Fletch, good to see you.
12.23 in Pittsburgh.
Coming at you hard and fast this morning.
Hopefully I got about an hour for you, a little less.
We'll see.
I got to be at the gym at 2 still.
And I have other obligations.
But yes, I need to get a stream out there.
I need to see you guys.
I need to say hello.
Let's do it, I guess.
EWA 471
Harry, keep an eye on that point out I gave you.
He's on 122.5.
I'll be right back.
Indianapolis Center, you have any traffic for Ares 31?
Ares 31 negative.
The only traffic I have is a TWA L-1011 in your 6 o'clock position, range 15 miles.
And an Allegheny DC-9 in your 12 o'clock position, 50 miles.
Standby 1, I'll take a look at broads and over.
Aries 31 has traffic 2 o'clock, slightly above and descending.
Aries 31, roger.
I have a primary target about that position now.
I have no known high-altitude traffic.
Standby 1, I'll check low, over.
Dick, will you check low altitude and see if they know who this is?
Senator Aries 31, the traffic's not lower than us.
One o'clock now, still above me and descending.
Aries 31, can you say aircraft type?
Negative, Senator.
No distinct outline.
To tell you the truth, the target is rather brilliant.
It has the brightest anti-collision lights I think I've ever seen, alternating white to red.
The colors are a little striking.
Center, this is TWA 5-17.
Traffic now looks like extra bright landing lights.
I thought Ares had his landing lights off.
Could be a satellite.
Ares 31, I have the primary target now in your 10 o'clock position, five miles away.
Wait a second.
Stand by one.
Okay, Senator.
Aries 31, the traffic has turned.
He's heading right for my White Hill.
We're turning right immediately and leaving flight level 350 now.
Aries 31, descend and maintain flight level 310.
Ray Gallegany, triple four, turn right 30 degrees.
Get on the order of the 45th recon way.
See what the hell they could be testing up there.
This is Lindenapolis Center.
Do you have any test operation in the restricted area 2508?
Aries 31, roger.
The traffic is quite luminous and is exhibiting some non-ballistic motion, over.
Roger, Ares 31.
Continue to send it to your discretion, over.
Okay, center.
Center pilot's discretion is approved.
The traffic is approaching head-on, ultra-right, and really moving.
And right by us, right now.
Now, that was really close.
Ares 31 is out of 3-4-0 on the traffic pattern.
Ask them if they want to report officially.
DWA 517, do you want to report a UFO, over?
EWA 517, do you want to report a UFO, over?
Negative, we don't want to report.
Ares 31, do you wish to report a UFO, over?
Negative, we don't want to report one of those either.
Ares 31, do you wish to file a report of any kind, over?
I would know what kind of report to file, Senator.
Ares 31, me neither.
I'll try to track traffic to destination, over.
Run into the tunnel.
You have to go as fast as you can.
You can trust me.
It's real.
I'm actually going to pause this for one second and see how quickly I can get YouTube running.
I forgot to open up a second window for that and it might start right now.
Who knows?
Let me see if that works.
History here.
Let's see that one.
No, that's not working.
Let me see if I can do this.
Hold on a second.
Dismiss.
It's now loading again.
Murder and lies for what?
Oh, excellent connection.
And let me see if I see my little stream here.
If I see it pop up, I'm gonna go.
Go gadget.
Come on now.
Show it to me.
Talk to me goose.
Do we have it?
I hope we have it.
I still don't actually see it running.
It says excellent connection, but I don't see it running.
I'm gonna stop this and then I'm gonna start it again.
I wonder if that'll work.
Yes!
We got YouTube going.
I will, uh... I think it's working now.
I think I'm gonna get back to going here.
Uh, yeah.
It looks like it's running.
Let's do it.
Do it.
Yes, yes.
Great to see you guys.
Good to be here.
That was Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
One of the best movie scenes ever shot, quite frankly.
And it was just a bunch of American guys working in an airport.
putting hands on each other's shoulders uh and the uh feature guy who kept his cool through the whole thing was the african-american dude the black guy um again one of those things you just don't see portrayed in the movies anymore where white guys and black guys
work together in the same office and race isn't an issue.
There was actually a black guy in the background working too, so it was almost like a real representation of what modern America was in the 80s.
And then something really bad happened.
I don't know what happened, but a bunch of...
A bunch of people messed with what was going on when I was a kid, ladies and gentlemen.
This stream is dedicated to the memory of Brandy Vaughn, someone who said it exactly right when no one else around her would.
My name is Jonathan Couey.
I'm the chief biologist of GigaOM Biological.
I'm coming to you out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I presented to a number of people throughout the course of the pandemic.
You can find
my work from my academic career on the National Library of Medicine.
I've presented for most of the groups that we have come to understand as dissident groups.
They're not really dissident groups.
Instead, they appear to be sabotage-controlled opposition where the truth is never going to get out there.
And there are victims, there are unwitting victims, there are even people that have probably been
the victim of a giant Truman show for their whole lives.
Fortunately for my children and for my friends, anybody following me, not very many people, the truth is out there and I think we're very, very close.
You see that train there whistling the truth.
There's a lot of meddlers on that picture right there, but right there,
Drawn by Ben Garrison himself is Jonathan Cui.
I'm working on a new series on the basketball court.
I'm also working on a new biology curriculum for high school students and freshmen in college.
And actually, to my own surprise, I think I'm going to be ready to start teaching that biology next week.
I will be updating my schedule on my Google schedule so that it shows up on the calendar on Gigaohm Biological and I will definitely
Next week, we're going to start.
It's going to be a lot of study halls at first to try and get some of these ideas out there and make sure that nobody mistakes these for me claiming all of these ideas as my own.
Rather, I think I'm just going to be one of the few people in recent memory who's going to attempt to bring some of these ideas back to the fore.
and frame them correctly so that we can also, as we teach our kids biology as a principle of pattern integrity, so as we teach our kids the truth listed there in the lower, what is that side of the screen there?
That's the right side.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injections or dumb transfection was always a crime and population pyramids are a real problem in need of solving.
If you want to support this work, please go to Gigome Biological and find a way to help us.
We are always running on fumes here.
We've always been running on fumes except for when we were being paid by
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And so as sad as it makes me to say it, I do need your help.
I do need your support.
And I will humbly accept any amount.
And some people even just send, you know, 10 bucks in cash to the P.O.
Box.
And even that helps because cash still works in America and my family eats.
So
We also spend a little bit of the family money on stream.gigaom.bio.
So if you are going to share the work, please go there.
And we are also live streaming there.
And if you can check on that stream and let me know how it's going, let me know that you see it there.
Let me know that there are some viewers there.
That also helps keep me encouraged a lot.
And if you want to have a conversation with your fellow viewers, please go to gigaom.bio.
We also pay for that.
And those accounts will be eventually linked.
I'm not sure where Ted is on that development.
Anyway, it's long story short.
We're working hard.
and wow guess what ladies and gentlemen that's it that is it we are just gonna cut right over here and i'm gonna say good morning my name is jonathan cooey i'm coming to you live out of pittsburgh pennsylvania i have got a very quick stream for you no introduction no big hammering on what's going on here i just want to show you a video i want to do a study hall this is a ramp up to the beginning of a new biology 101
And I assure you, over the last couple weeks, things have started to move faster and faster as the new model of Biology 101 comes into focus and it starts to sort of spontaneously align with so many points in history, observations in history that would otherwise be kind of dangling.
And that's what I find most spectacular.
It's also going to reorient ourselves with regard to what mentors in the past we look up to, what thought leaders we look to in the past for guidance.
Because I think up until this point, we have been led to believe that we should take our guidance from fools.
And I don't mean fools in the sense of idiots.
I mean fools in the sense of people who were
wittingly or unwittingly put in front of us with these bad ideas, with these mythologies, to perpetuate them.
And it's not our fault.
Remember, it's not our fault, ladies and gentlemen.
It's actually our parents' fault that we inherited these people.
It is the 26th of March, 2025.
roughly five years to to pull our heads out.
And some of us have been able to make progress in our understanding and others of us have been stuck in a script that we are paid to be stuck in.
That is the unfortunate message.
It's not a message that everybody likes.
It's not a fun message to tell everybody that you've been lied to.
But if you want to start somewhere, we need to begin with the truth.
And up until now, there's nobody on social media giving that away for free.
That's the most important thing to understand.
Elon Musk did not buy Twitter to give the truth away for free.
And so that is the message of hope, that the truth's available, it's just not available for free on social media.
You gotta come to that realization and accept it as fact, and then you can start to move forward to look for and try to start with the truth.
And in my humble opinion, the 30,000 foot view is that the truth is, this is for all the marbles.
This is for our grandchildren.
These people are playing a multi-generational game that ends in our grandchildren's enslavement and their enslavement to a technocratic world government.
That's it.
They're going to be chipped, and they're going to be tracked, and they're going to be monitored, and they're going to be used as an experimental animal.
That is the plan.
And they're going to like it.
And so it is tough message for some people to hear that it is just murder and lies.
Whoops, that way, that way.
It's just murder and lies that we witnessed over the last five years.
And it is just a anticipated rise in all cause mortality that was sculpted using murder and lies.
That is a tough message to bring.
It's not a fun message, but it is a hopeful one because what that means is if these murder and lies, if they have an explanation,
then we don't need to fear all of these mythologies.
We don't need to be afraid that we're not up to date on our shots.
We don't need to be afraid so much of what we put in our mouths as we need to be afraid of what we put in needles.
That's really the truth that we're dealing with here, ladies and gentlemen.
That's where we're going to start.
The illusion requires your participation to sustain.
Transfection in healthy people was always a crime.
This is where my journey started because I had used transfection as an academic and understood that they were not investigational vaccines, but just a joke.
The second thing that I've kind of figured out, it took me a couple years later, almost three years later, is that RNA cannot pandemic.
The molecule of RNA, the concept of RNA being the foundation of a pandemic is biochemically ridiculous.
And I think a lot of these people know it, and they have to be in place to sustain that illusion by insisting that this is a phenomenon that can actually occur.
I'm not even sure that any form of pandemic, except for maybe a virus, I mean, sorry.
Maybe a bacteria or maybe a bacteriophage could spread in what would be described as a pandemic.
But the idea of an RNA virus that replicates in our cells and does whatever they say it does with its constitution essentially being the coronavirus cartoon is the ultimate in absurdity.
And finally, the conclusion that took me a lot longer to say out loud.
It took me actually nine years after Brandy Vaughn was able to say it out loud, was I able to have the guts to say, you know what?
I'm gonna say it out loud and see if any doctor corrects me.
And that was about a year ago.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
I was saying it longer.
I was saying that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
But I think you can just take the all caps there because no doctor has been able to challenge that.
No doctor has bothered to send me an email.
By the way, here are the four exceptions.
Just like no one has ever been able to justify why they didn't call it transfection in 2020 like I did and insisted that they do.
Kevin McKernan cannot explain why he didn't tell everybody it was a transfection.
Brian Hooker with 16 years of genetic transfection and transformation experience in plants.
could have told you it was a transfection and transformation in 2020, but did not.
He also could have told you that Brandy Vaughn had an excellent way of explaining that intramuscular injection is dumb, but he did not.
Brian Hooker could have also told you at the beginning of 2020 that he has been fighting to get everyone to understand that the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise, but he did not.
And the reason why that they did not is because these people were all put in place to make sure that we wouldn't learn the requisite biology to understand what was happening, to understand the multi-generational game that already started with our parents.
And so these ideas have been around a long time and these people have known that they're going to push these ideas for a long time.
That's why there is an unblemished track record of them pushing these ideas even before they were plausible, even after lots of information and ideas and observations came to light that were contrary to their assumptions.
They still think that AI with the right amount of data is going to solve this problem.
That's what the murder and lies were for.
The Human Genome Project is ongoing.
It is a sort of biosecurity imperative.
And I tried to make this clear, but I'm going to try and make it clear again really quickly here before we go on to the study hall.
The Human Genome Project will require very similar to solving the game of Go or solving the game of chess.
First, they need to know what the data is.
What is a game?
And the game, one single example of a game would be my child and her genome.
and all of our medical data from birth to death.
That would be a perfect game of the Human Genome Project.
and now they need as many of those as possible.
So first of all, understand that even sequencing the genome is still not something that all people in the field agree upon how it would be done, how it should be organized, and how it could be organized across people and races and ethnicities and backgrounds so that we could make comparisons that were useful
And the wonderful thing about it is, is that it does not take into account the fact that the genome itself is expressing on an environment.
It's on a set of conditions.
And those conditions can be optimal or they can be suboptimal.
And the resulting phenotype will be very different depending on whether
the conditions are optimal or suboptimal.
And that means even our phenotypic readout of the genome, which we are going to use to interpret the presence of genes, the presence of mutations, is all subject to an entire developmental time course which changes the phenotype of the genes depending on
the individual conditions present and whether they're optimal or suboptimal using as broad a terms as possible so that you can understand the picture I'm trying to paint.
They don't even know what all the data is for a single individual.
20 years ago it was what we'll sequence all the DNA and then we'll keep track of all their medical data and what they eat.
And then it got more and more and more and more sophisticated as they understood the necessity that the game was so complicated.
You know, you might sit down at the table of a Go game and think, wow, this is pretty simple.
I guess I just, it's black and white chips.
And then if they're surrounded, they turn over.
That's pretty simple.
It's like Connect Four.
But then you realize the permutations of the game start to multiply in your head, and you realize you have no concept of how to win that game.
That realization that you could have as a thought experiment when you've never played the game Go, or maybe even never played the game Chess, you could have that thought experiment with a more limited set of outcomes.
And still, you would not be close to the... They're still quantifying this problem.
What degree of the perfect human genome game do they need per person?
Can they get away with just sequencing all of the college kids with COVID tests?
Is that going to be enough to interface back with the EPIC database and then rematch the de-identified records to the genotype and then they'll have this data and will that be enough to shed light on something new?
Because these are the real questions that they are asking.
Then they need to store this data in such a way so that they can ship it around.
You know, right now, the PBS NewsHour is doing stories about how 23andMe is going out of business.
Where are these millions of genomes going to go?
Are they valuable or not?
Of course they're valuable.
Of course that data is valuable.
probably not just data, it might also be samples to go along with the data.
It might have already been de-identified using, you know, periphery data and metadata and AI just because they can.
Just because the data is de-identified doesn't mean the user of the data has promised to keep it de-identified.
That's something that I don't think anybody really understands.
But one of the reasons why AI and the current CDC director nomination is interested in health records is precisely because using AI and the Human Genome Project data to try and interface with medical records to see signals which correlate with genetic signals is the bare minimum.
that this project could yield and be called an outcome, where they interface with a machine learning algorithm, the data that they stored in a way and a fashion that the machine learning algorithm can use.
This is all in development.
And it would be impossible for this to go forward if they hadn't created the remnant stream of PCR testing that's active in all hospitals and doctors and all over the place.
Because those remnants are producing genomic data.
that can be de-identified and then in the future re-assembled with the existing databases so that they can start running this AI.
Obviously, in the coming generations, they'll be collecting all this data from birth, obviously.
But right now, we're just trying to set up an infrastructure.
We're just trying to set up all the pieces that are necessary.
That's why the digital ID is not there yet.
That's why digital currency is not there yet.
a subdermal implant is not there yet.
It's a stepwise thing.
Why would they want all that data if they have nowhere to store it?
And then after all this is done in 10 or 20 years, they'll start to make predictions which can be validated.
These are all things to come.
These are not things that have already happened or are happening.
Everything else that they've done is low-hanging fruit bullshit that has been distorted as stepwise progress in the Human Genome Project.
And the COVID-19 pandemic theater had a bunch of people connected directly to the Human Genome Project because of this intimate connection.
That's why all the people that could have said, transfection, save myself, didn't say it, even after I asked them to say it.
For years and years and years, until finally they started to make fun of me about it, but not admitting that this might've saved college kids.
Here's the study hall.
In Britain today, diseases that we had almost forgotten have returned.
New outbreaks of measles have occurred, and as a result, some children are already paying the price.
Some say it's all down to this man.
He is convinced that the combined measles, mumps and rubella vaccine could be damaging some of the children it's supposed to protect, that it could be causing autism.
But the medical establishment says he is scaremongering.
It claims that the MMR vaccination is safe.
The result has been confusion, and many parents have shunned the MMR jab.
Accusations have been made by both sides, questioning the motives of those involved.
But what does the science show?
Tonight, Horizon reveals new evidence that could provide the answer to the question so many parents have been asking.
Does NMR cause autism?
I would publish that.
I will publish that for you if you want.
I will publish that list.
I don't know who that is.
Yong Insef.
I don't know what, how to say your name, but I would definitely publish that list for you of the EUAs.
John in San Francisco.
I get it.
Nice.
Okay.
Stop it.
So you see where this is, right?
Episode 10, 2005.
It's okay, Jamesy.
Shall we sing a song?
Show me the way to go home.
It's okay, Jamesy.
No.
No, no, no, Jamesy.
Wherever I may roam, you'll always find me singing this song.
Show me the way to go home.
Hey!
Well, James is 11 now and...
We've known he's been autistic since the age of two.
He's quite severely autistic.
He's got no language and he's got quite severe learning difficulties.
So he's on the extreme end of the, the more severe end of the spectrum really.
But he's a lovely boy and he's usually very happy and very affectionate.
But sometimes he gets very frustrated and I think
Perhaps because of his difficulty in communication, he will injure himself.
And then if you try and stop him, he will sometimes get quite aggressive.
Can you press play?
Good boy.
There.
Lawrence is 11 now, and we've known he's had autism since he was about three.
Look.
Wind it up.
Wind it.
If something goes wrong.
Like this.
No, it's working.
Well, he's rewound this this much that it's more or less had it, this video.
But he doesn't understand that.
And as far as he's concerned, I'm not fixing it.
Because I haven't been able to help him with this video now, he's cleared off.
He's gone downstairs.
because I'm no more used to him at the moment.
Lawrence and James both have autism.
Autism is not one disease.
It's thought to be a spectrum of disorders, ranging widely in severity.
But there are three features that are common to all children with autism, the so-called triad of impairments.
One is a lack of the capacity for social engagement, forming social relationships, even recognising that other people are human beings.
He's not interested in other people.
He's only interested in other people to get things for him, really.
I think that's why they don't look at you.
Lawrence can't be bothered to make a lot of eye contact because he's interested in what he's doing.
He doesn't want to know what you're doing.
The second part of the triad is a problem with language, and in the most severe cases, no language at all.
Good boy.
I'd never had any concept of language.
I suppose the earliest manifestation of that sort of problem was, you know, not pointing things out to show people things.
The third part of the triad is a lack of imagination.
There we are.
He's not able to role play or anything like that.
And I think you don't appreciate the imagination of a child until you have a child with no imagination.
Now that's interesting.
So I just want to point out that on this show, the guy started with acknowledging the spectrum of autism and that his kid was on the far end of it.
All of these parents accept that autism is a thing.
The announcer said that it's a spectrum of disorders, which comes closer, I guess, to hitting the mark.
But really, what we're dealing with is what 2013 Brian Hooker said, which is neurological damage from intramuscular injection.
Now, he didn't say intramuscular injection, he said vaccines.
And he also will add later, after 2013, he will emphasize it more, that his kid got a series of shots when he had an ear infection, and so that made it worse.
In this case, we're not talking about anything right now that I hear people talk about regularly with autism.
In fact, there are lots of people on the internet who can record a video and claim to have autism.
They have their own channels.
They have a hard time keeping a job because I have autism.
They don't seem to have problems with social engagement.
They don't seem to have problems with language.
And they don't seem to have a lack of imagination because they can operate a camera and claim that they have autism on YouTube.
This last one, lack of imagination, is really compelling to me because it's been a long time since I've heard anybody describe the symptoms of autism.
as this.
I think Andrew Wakefield says it has something to do with the gut and projectile diarrhea, which is interesting.
Autism is a lifelong condition for which there is no cure.
And what frightens many parents is that increasing numbers of children are now being diagnosed with it.
In Britain, in the 1970s, autism was found in one in 2,000 children.
Since then, there has been an apparent tenfold rise.
Now, at least one child in 200 is diagnosed with an autistic spectrum disorder.
Other countries have seen a similar rise.
Science had no explanation for why autism should be increasing at such a rate.
But one parent thought she knew the answer.
And this would spark one of the biggest health crises of recent years.
Rosemary Keswick has a 16-year-old son, William.
I think the cat's sitting here forlornly wondering where he is.
This is William's way of school.
William now requires specialist residential care.
But when he was a baby, things were very different.
When William was born, he was wonderful.
I had a great pregnancy, no problems at all.
William was thriving and growing and jolly and bouncy and beautiful.
William had an MMR at 15 months.
And from then on, he
For want of a better word, he disintegrated.
The MMR jab combines three childhood vaccines against measles, mumps and rubella into one injection, which is first given at around 12 to 18 months.
It has virtually eradicated these diseases from the UK.
Throughout the world, it's saved hundreds of lives.
Hundreds!
But shortly after her son had the jab, Rosemary Keswick noticed a change in his behaviour.
He stopped using the beginning words.
So book became ook and ball became awl.
And then over the next 12 months, those words just dissolved and the very last word that he had was juice.
He developed a raging, raging thirst and juice became oos and oos became oo and then it went completely.
William now has no language and severe learning difficulties.
So my father is a special ed teacher and used to work with severely handicapped kids in Indiana when I was a kid and I find myself just constantly wondering if every child that my dad worked with that was severely handicapped in some way or another was a damaged kid even back then.
I just am... Exactly like those kids.
And a lot of these kids were incontinent too.
And they were just called severely retarded kids.
We used to call them retarded.
And it was fine.
That was the word.
I'm just very, very horrified by the fact that, you know, if you just reorient your understanding, you can see it clear as day.
...of autism and just after the MMR.
Rosemary was convinced the three things were connected.
Within days after the vaccination, William was suffering from diarrhoea 10 times a day, which to me as a mother, and especially as William was my second child, was not normal.
I knew he had a problem with the gut.
I knew that everything had changed.
I can give you a link here of the archive of all of these videos.
All seasons, all seasons, all 512 episodes are available right there.
I've already downloaded enough for
a few study halls, let's put it that way, but you can go through it and you will not believe the titles you will find.
It's a gold mine, ladies and gentlemen.
There's the link for you right there.
And I gotta get done, so I'm gonna keep going.
After the MMR, but what I didn't know was what the link was.
It was then that Rosemary came across the work of a doctor working at the Royal Free Hospital in London.
His name was Andrew Wakefield.
At the Defeat Autism Now conference in Washington, Andrew Wakefield is the guest of honor.
I love the man for what he's done.
He should get a Nobel Prize.
He's put everything on the line for our children.
A truly good man who bears the truth.
He is now famous throughout the world as the man who proposed a link between autism and MMR.
Looks like he's suffering a lot.
Oh boy.
But back in the 1990s, he knew little about autism.
Dr. Wakefield is an expert in bowel diseases.
He was working on a controversial theory that linked the single measles vaccine to a type of bowel disease called Crohn's, a theory that has never been substantiated.
Wakefield's work didn't involve MMR, but a different vaccine and a different disease.
Still, Rosemary believed he might provide the missing link, how the MMR could have caused her son's problems.
I picked up the phone and phoned Dr Wakefield and said to him, I'm a mother of an autistic child and he stopped me and said, I don't know anything about autism and I'm a gastroenterologist.
And I said, well, I have a theory based on my own observations that the gut itself is the start point of my child's neurological problems.
What an interesting idea that is, you know, to come up with that on your own.
That's a pretty good idea.
I think that's impressive.
At the end of the conversation, I said, by the way, actually, I think that the MMR has something to do with this because that's when my son changed.
The MMR has something to do with it.
That's also an interesting position to take.
I like that.
It's good.
He did not put the phone down on me.
So Rosemary took William to the Royal Free Hospital, where Andrew Wakefield was based, to find out what had happened to him.
There, William was examined using a colonoscope, a flexible camera that allowed the doctors to look inside his bowel.
The colonoscopy revealed that William's bowel was inflamed and scarred.
And the damage wasn't quite like anything that Wakefield had seen before.
It appeared to be a new form of bowel disease.
The children have a patchy inflammation of the colon.
They also have great big swollen lymph glands in the terminal ileum, that is the end of the small intestine.
And that combination, as we call it, ileal hyperplasia, is the core of the gastrointestinal syndrome.
Soon it became clear that William's case wasn't unique.
I started receiving phone calls on the grapevine on the network.
Parents had heard that there was somebody who had discovered something.
And increasingly, parents were coming to me with the same story.
The same thing has happened to their child in exactly the same way.
So Rosemary told them about Dr. Wakefield.
And soon, more and more parents were arriving at the Royal Free with similar stories of bowel disease and autism following the MMR jab.
Interestingly, we set out to study 10 children we thought we might find inflammation, perhaps in one or two based upon the history.
We've now looked at 40 children, and 39 of those have exactly the same findings.
Word perfect sucks!
Doctor Wakefield started trying to put the pieces together.
Could the MMR jab be causing a strange new kind of bowel disease that was turning the children autistic?
Then he started to investigate an even more disturbing possibility.
Could MMR be an explanation?
Seriously, there's somebody outside your window.
If so, the rise in different countries should match the introduction of MMR.
Sure enough, according to Dr. Wakefield, the MMR vaccine had been introduced in the US in the mid-70s, just as autism started to increase.
You know, interesting, Henry, she didn't really say why she thought it was the gut.
She just said she thought it was the gut.
It's actually a great observation.
I missed it too.
Diarrhea 10 times a day, I guess, but it's not immediately apparent to me that a lay person would then say, that's the reason why he can't talk, because he's got diarrhea.
Whilst in the UK, autism started rising in the late 80s.
Again, just as the MMR vaccine was being introduced.
Right after the Vaccine Act.
The potential implications must have been a tremendous burden for Dr. Wakefield because I guess at the time there was a decision to be made.
Do we just bury it?
Do we pretend it's not existing?
Or do we forge ahead and identify what's really happening?
If MMR really was the cause of an epidemic of autism, this was a public health disaster of huge significance.
It would mean thousands of babies were being damaged by the vaccine.
This became a central claim of the anti-MMR campaign.
Now the problem with this again, remember, is that if you have to reach a certain threshold where you don't have social engagement, where you have almost no language, or you have no real imagination in play,
then lots of kids will be under that threshold and just assumed to be developing slow or having a developmental learning disability or some other thing that doesn't get qualified as autism.
And this is the most dangerous thing of this narrative about the MMR causing autism because the sub-threshold damage potential of intramuscular injection is unquantifiable.
How long it could take to manifest, how it will manifest will be individually determined by the individual circumstances of their particular schedule and exposure.
and of all of the other things that happen in their lives.
Some people have very optimal conditions and have been breastfed for four years.
Other people were bottle fed and their parents weren't as healthy and their environment wasn't as healthy.
And so again, the potential differences in those outcomes cannot be quantified.
And if they all are led to believe that there is a single thing that can be identified as autism spectrum disorder, and that it probably has a single cause, then neurological damage due to poisoning from intramuscular injection will never be
never be treated the way it should be treated, which is more like hitting children with baseball bats over their head and just arguing that if you wait long enough or you spread them out, everything would be fine.
We are facing an autism epidemic, and if it isn't taken seriously now, when it does come home to roost, the cost to the nation is going to be absolutely unbearable.
But the question remained, how could a vaccination designed to protect children be causing autism?
Wakefield.
I just got the update that my stream on YouTube was suspended for policy violations.
I'm hoping that that doesn't mean they're gonna wreck my channel, but anyway, now you know what's up.
I didn't even say, what did I say today?
Believed he had an answer.
Sorry, I just wanted to stop the YouTube stream there just to make sure.
A small amount of virus is injected into the body.
Because the virus has been weakened, the body's immune system easily defeats it.
So the only thing is, in it is a weakened virus, that's it, there's nothing else in there, no preservatives, no inert ingredients, no other things, because that's already wrong, right?
I don't know what it is, but it ain't just measles virus.
Leaving the child protected.
But Wakefield suspected that by giving three different viruses, the immune system was being overwhelmed.
So it could not possibly be the combination of substances being placed in a location for maximum damage.
I don't want you to think that I'm going to start arguing that the adjuvants did it.
What I want you to understand, it is a combination of substances and the viruses are not
They're not biologically inert just because they're weakened or whatever they describe them as.
They are also potentially extremely toxic, immunogenic, and being placed in the worst possible location for your immune system to judge them appropriately.
And so do not for one second allow them to trick you into believing that it is just the adjuvants, even though that is important and an understandable concern.
The protein biologic that is put in the same place as the adjuvant has equal or more potential dangers for the maladaptive augmentation of the immune system.
Mercury is much less likely to make your immune system go haywire than a biologic imperfectly produced and imperfectly used for an intention that it is inappropriate for.
Instead of being defeated, the measles virus from the vaccine remains in the body.
Wakefield's theory was that the measles virus causes a persistent infection of the gut, leading to bowel disease.
This bowel disease stops the gut from digesting food properly, creating toxic chemicals called opioids.
These opioids then enter the bloodstream and make their way to the brain, where they damage the developing brain, causing autism.
Holy crap, I didn't know that.
That's impressive.
They make opioids and wow, I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.
It was a bold and controversial theory.
One thing that's interesting is that where is the measles virus replicating?
The assumption, I guess, is that it replicates in the gut epithelium, a single layer of cells that separates you from the outside world.
Otherwise, where is it replicating, right?
I don't know, where is it replicating then?
It's interesting to think about this.
There's other places that it could replicate in the gut.
Wakefield decided to write a paper outlining his theory and describing William and 11 other cases.
He succeeded in getting it published in one of the world's leading medical journals, The Lancet.
The paper described the new form of bowel disease associated with autism.
Don't forget that Peter Daszak has a paper with him from years earlier and that can't be by chance.
Come on.
On its own, this would have attracted little attention outside the medical community, but the second half of the paper was explosive.
Even though, as Wakefield himself admitted, there was no proof that MMR was the cause of autism, the paper raised that possibility.
As well as having an autistic son, Mike Fitzpatrick is also a GP.
So he soon became aware of Wakefield's research.
When I first heard about the Lancet paper alleging a link between MMR and autism, I was concerned as a GP, because here we were doing baby clinics where we were giving the MMR routinely.
I was even more concerned as a parent of an autistic child.
So I made it my business to check it out very thoroughly.
Well, when I got to read the Lancet paper, I must say I was really shocked because it was such an insubstantial and speculative paper.
According to his critics, not a single stage of the mechanism linking MMR to autism was supported by scientific evidence.
And that's funny because not a single mechanism of ivermectin is proposed either for its curing of COVID, prevention of COVID, or the curing of cancer.
It's just absurd.
But here, of course, it's fine.
There's no explanation.
There's no mechanism given, so it's obviously fake.
There was no evidence that MMR could overload the immune system.
No evidence that the measles virus had infected the gut.
No evidence that this infection had caused bowel disease, and no evidence that the bowel disease was causing autism.
There were four speculative stages in the theory, each of which was highly speculative.
But what really propelled the theory into the headlines was a press conference given to launch the paper.
There, Andrew Wakefield made a controversial suggestion.
There is sufficient anxiety in my own mind over the safety of the MMR vaccination, and I think that it should be suspended in favor of the single vaccines.
Wakefield was suggesting that instead of the combined MMR, children should be given measles, mumps, and rubella vaccines separately.
Now, in that scenario, my assumption would be that they would get more adjuvants than they would have in the combined shot.
So again, here, what are we really arguing about in the current context of our understanding here, where Brett Weinstein and the Health and Human Services Secretary are both convinced that it's adjuvants, but they haven't really gotten around to looking into them yet, but they will soon.
The result was a media storm.
I'm sure that's fine.
Just like circumcising that baby irrespective of sex.
Cut off the clitoris, cut off the foreskin.
I'm sure that's fine.
They're better off.
And from that day on, MMR vaccination rates started to fall.
This clinic in South London has been inundated with parents demanding... It's getting 500 calls a day.
Parents began demanding the single vaccines, just as Dr Wakefield had recommended.
According to Wakefield, this was the perfect solution.
The protection of the vaccines without the risks of MMR.
but others disagreed.
You understand, right?
That story is very, very specific.
It is the combination that overloads the immune system and causes the overproduction of opioids that causes autism.
It's a very, very specific story to describe why intramuscular injection is dumb in one particular way and context.
One intramuscular injection.
Not all of them, just one.
Three separate ones is better than one, if you do it right.
That suggestion in practice would result in many, many children being unprotected.
It's six injections.
The likelihood that many children would not come back for the six.
That's remarkable, isn't it?
That is freaking remarkable.
It's just every time I am more shocked.
Six injections I think is very high.
It was an irresponsible suggestion.
Perhaps the biggest fear is the impact on rubella vaccination.
Rubella, or German measles, causes only a mild disease in children.
So it's possible that with single vaccines available, many parents wouldn't bother giving their babies the rubella vaccination.
Rubella and measles are pretty close to the same, don't they?
The fear was that Rubella would be passed from unvaccinated children to expectant mothers with devastating consequences.
This is exactly what happened before MMR.
Whenever there was a rubella outbreak amongst children, women got rubella from their own children.
In some cases, it was diagnosed in pregnancy, resulting in a rubella termination, for which, in the bad years, there would be 800 a year.
Those women who didn't get diagnosed in pregnancy would continue with their pregnancy, unaware that they'd been infected, and then give birth to a child with congenital rubella syndrome.
Camilla suffers from congenital rubella syndrome, and as a result, she was born deaf and blind.
With the introduction of MMR, such cases have virtually disappeared.
But the fear was that offering the choice of single vaccines would mean more cases like Camilla.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't have the expertise.
There was no easy way out.
Introducing single vaccines could put children at risk.
But if Wakefield was right, this could be a price worth paying to prevent an epidemic of autism.
I don't understand why children would be at risk because they don't give the rubella vaccine until if they give the MMR it.
at one year or 18 months, then I don't understand this completely.
Maybe I missed something.
The vital question was, could Wakefield get the evidence to back up his theory?
A key piece of evidence in Wakefield's paper was the timing.
In all 12 cases that he described, symptoms had appeared within a couple of months of receiving the MMR.
For Rosemary Keswick, this was clear evidence of a link.
It was quite clear to us as a family that William was perfectly normal, perfectly all right when he was born and right up until he had the MMR.
But to scientists, such evidence has to be taken cautiously.
I think that there's an inevitable tendency to mistake subsequence for consequence.
That is to assume that because one particular event follows another, that therefore the preceding event caused it.
The problem is, MMR is usually given between 12 and 18 months, which is also when autism is often first spotted.
So you will inevitably get the two events occurring together just by chance.
That is remarkable, because here's where the genetics comes in.
Then we don't really know.
It just could be temporarily a coincidence.
It's even possible to calculate how often this will happen.
There are about 700,000 births in the UK every year.
And about 2 out of every 1,000 will develop signs of autism at some time.
Shut the door, please.
So that gives us about 1,400 such children every year.
If we now ask the question, well, what proportion of those would develop autism during the period of interest, which is one year to 18 months, then the answer is slightly in excess of 50%.
So we can say of the 1,400, let's say about 800 would develop signs of autism in that particular period.
If we now ask the question, well, of the 800 children, how many will have received the MMR vaccine?
About 80%, let's say.
That brings us down to 600 children.
So 600 children in a six-month period.
So we're talking about, in any given month, one-sixth of 600.
100 children would develop signs of autism within one month of having received the MMR.
But now imagine that you're a parent of a child who has had the MMR vaccine.
You're bound to associate one with the other.
And yet the statistics suggest that simply by chance, even if there is no causal link, a hundred such cases will appear every year.
But Wakefield and his supporters claimed it wasn't just a matter of timing.
They believed that MMR was linked to a very particular kind of autism.
Our children are autistic in a different way from autism that was originally postulated, was originally talked about.
Our children are regressive autistics.
The conventional theory was that autism is present from birth.
But the families who came to see Dr Wakefield seemed to have a different story.
Their children seemed to be normal until the MMR.
It's quite difficult to look at the ones when he was really young.
These sort of photographs
Before you knew that anything was wrong, he used to like visiting, sitting with his grandma, and he had little friends.
When he was about two and a half, we realized that there was something wrong, but we didn't know how serious it was going to get.
Like Rosemary Keswick, Sue believes that her son was developing completely normally, and then his development stopped.
He regressed.
This is Lawrence when he was about nine years old.
He'd gone from a chubby, healthy baby like this to a child thin and ill, cold, weak.
We got to the stage where we weren't able to take him out for a walk or anything.
He'd basically turned his face to the wall in the end.
Many campaigners claimed that the emergence of this regressive form of autism proved that something was damaging the children.
But is there really a new regressive form of autism?
If anyone would have noticed a change in the condition, it would be Lorna Wing.
In the 1940s, Lorna Wing trained as an adult psychiatrist,
But her career changed direction when her own child was diagnosed with autism.
She became one of the first researchers in the country to study the condition and is now respected by both parents and scientists.
And over her long career, she has come across many reports of regression.
autism can begin any time up to the age of three.
So this notion of a child apparently developing normally and then becoming autistic is certainly not new, not new at all.
This footage from the 1960s shows a happy, normally developing toddler.
This child went on to develop severe autism.
So regression existed long before MMR.
And a recent study has shown that it occurs just as often in children who haven't had MMR.
In my experience, I haven't seen any increase in the number of people who say that their child became autistic after developing normally.
So far, there was no conclusive evidence that MMR had caused a single case of autism.
But that didn't stop the decline in public confidence in the vaccine.
As increasing numbers of parents shunned the MMR vaccine, diseases, which in Britain had almost been consigned to history, have returned.
Cases of measles and mumps have started to rise.
And these diseases have already claimed their first victims.
Most people think of measles as a rash and a week off of school.
It's not quite that simple.
It'd be nice if it was just a week off school and a rash, but, you know.
It's not?
No.
More complicated?
Very complicated, yeah.
When he was two years old, Matthew had a kidney transplant.
It saved his life, but it left his immune system weakened, putting him at particular risk from childhood diseases.
And in 2002, Matthew discovered just what measles can do.
Matthew got up at quarter to five one morning to go to the toilet.
On the way back, he just collapsed in the hallway.
I went out to see what was the matter and he was just having a fit.
He was just laying on his side and all his body was shaking.
He just wasn't responding to anything.
Matthew was rushed to hospital where his condition deteriorated.
And it was just getting worse in front of our eyes.
He'd lost the use of his hands, his legs.
And then on the Sunday, his eyesight went.
He just couldn't see anything.
After two weeks of investigation, doctors discovered what was causing the damage.
It was measles.
Called it measles encephalitis.
It just swelled his brain up and affected all the left-hand side of his body.
Matthew has been left with brain damage from which he may never fully recover.
Matthew can no longer walk.
He can't use his left leg and his left arm.
He's just like jelly.
It's affected his hearing.
He's been registered partially sighted.
His main hobby was reading.
Obviously now he's lost his sight, he can't read.
Chapter four, confusion in the marketplace.
With his weakened immune system, Matthew couldn't have the MMR jab himself, so his health had relied on other children being immunised.
But the area of London where he lived had one of the lowest vaccination rates in the country.
The only protection that the immunosuppressed children have is that the uptake of the MMR jab is kept to a high.
Because once they've caught a disease such as measles, it's sort of, it's just ruined Matthew's life really.
It isn't only children like Matthew who are at risk.
If this continues for a number of years, we will undoubtedly have the return of epidemic measles.
And with that, there will be children who will die and children who will be brain damaged.
This isn't a hypothetical risk.
The authorities were facing a real problem.
Dangerous diseases were on the rise, while MMR uptake fell further.
To turn the tide, they needed a conclusive answer to the questions over MMR.
So they turned to a method they hoped would provide that answer.
Epidemiology.
Epidemiology is the study of the health of populations.
Huge populations.
and really requires measuring events that happen to lots of people in order to try and work out what are the causes of ill health.
Dr Wakefield had claimed that the rise in autism had started at about the time MMR was introduced.
So epidemiologists looked more closely to see if the data really matched up.
The story turned out to be much more complicated.
The rise occurred before MMR was introduced.
It continued after MMR was introduced.
Even though the uptake rate of MMR was constant, the rates at which autism was being diagnosed were increasing.
And in Japan, the MMR vaccine was withdrawn in 1993.
But a recent study has shown that autism rates there have still risen.
So the evidence suggests that NMR wasn't responsible for the epidemic, but that still didn't prove that it was safe.
To really find out whether NMR increases the risk of autism, scientists needed a way of comparing children who did have the vaccine with children who didn't.
And in one country, just such a study was possible.
In Denmark, every child is given a unique social security number on the day they are born.
This number... Are they about to make an argument for the healthcare data system?
Wow.
...is used to record every medical event in their history.
So researchers pulled out the data for every child in Denmark born between 1991 and 1998.
More than half a million children.
Although the majority of Danish children do receive the vaccine, there were almost 100,000 children who hadn't.
So scientists could compare the rate of autism in those two groups.
And they found that the rate was the same, whether they'd had MMR or not.
There was no difference.
In fact, there was a slightly higher risk in the unvaccinated group.
It wasn't statistically significant, but there was absolutely no evidence of an increased risk in those that had been vaccinated.
Opponents of MMR have claimed that there might be flaws in the Danish analysis.
But there have been more than a dozen epidemiological studies using different methods in different countries.
And overwhelmingly, they have found no link between MMR and autism.
To the scientific world, the statistics confirmed that MMR is safe.
It's absolutely clear that if there has been a large rise in autism, it's got absolutely nothing to do with the vaccine.
It's been given in 80 countries for 30 years, in millions of doses, and if it did cause a significant adverse reaction, it would have been picked up somewhere by now.
You know, I'm at a loss to what more can be done.
There is no epidemiological evidence to suggest that there is a link between the two.
As far as anything you can ever say is safe, MMR is safe.
The epidemiology had shown that the huge rise in autism had not been caused by MMR.
But if MMR wasn't responsible for the rise, then what was?
Many experts believe that the increase in numbers may be largely down to better diagnosis.
that there have always been a similar number of autistic people, but they never got diagnosed.
Now I can think back to when I was working in an old-fashioned mental hospital as a psychiatrist for adults.
It's absolutely clear to me that a number of the people I knew then who were chronically ill and had lived a long time in the hospital were certainly autistic people grown up.
that's pretty amazing, wow
That's amazing.
She was just... The only evidence which I've seen cited is epidemiological.
Now, to me, that's statistics.
Now, statistics either turn you on or they don't.
I don't... I don't have time for statistics when I see a sick child in front of me.
Super easy to use placebo to make those statistics work.
Although the epidemiology showed that MMR couldn't be a risk for the vast majority of children,
Wakefield and his supporters now believed that there might be a small group of children that had been damaged by MMR.
If this so-called subset was small enough, it wouldn't be detectable by epidemiology.
And Wakefield claimed this wasn't just a theory.
He had scientific evidence to back it up.
The clue lay in the new form of bowel disease that Wakefield had discovered.
It seems not too bad at the moment.
Sue McGowan believes that her son is suffering from this bowel disease.
It's just here, and it will just swell like this, here.
And then, you know, he likes you to rub it like this.
At one point, Lawrence virtually stopped eating, and his weight dropped to two stone eight, the typical weight of a child half his age.
I think it's a gut problem, and that, I think, is affecting his mental condition, because something sends him berserk every so often, and it always happens just after he's eaten.
Oh boy.
One terrifying additional aspect of this which could be awful for the complicated understanding of these kinds of damaged kids is what is given to them
to investigate their bowel and to fix their digestive problems can be something like Miralax, which can be devastating to the microbiome and may make whatever process is there much, much worse.
Just another side.
Leads to a worsening of his autistic behavior.
Because of the nature of his problems, we don't know what kind of pain he's in.
Anybody who's had a stomachache or diarrhoea, imagine having that all the time.
For Wakefield, the bowel disease that children like Lawrence are suffering from is a key symptom of this vulnerable subset.
Rub it, rub it, rub it.
But in fact, bowel problems are common in children with neurological conditions.
So most gastroenterologists have tended to see such symptoms as unsurprising.
Neurologically abnormal children, about 50% of them have constipation, some diarrhea, bloating, abdominal pain.
I 100% agree with John from San Francisco that it has something to do with the innervation of the gut.
And the new Biology 101 is gonna take this into account in a way that you've probably never imagined.
And I'm so excited to share it with you next week.
I get chills thinking about it right now.
I'm really excited.
Pain.
So to me, that's not a surprise.
If anything, Professor Sandy believes it's not the bowel disease that is causing autism, it's the autism that's causing the bowel problems.
The reason is that the brain and the digestive system are very closely linked.
After the brain, the gut has the largest number of nerves in it.
So it's very influenced by feelings in the brain.
As we know, you're going for an interview and you're running to the loo, so the gut-brain axis works, but it's mostly that way around, not the other way around.
But Wakefield claims that sceptics like Professor Sandhu are missing the point.
He says that children such as William and Lawrence don't just have bowel problems.
They have a specific new form of bowel disease that is particularly associated with autism.
Using a colonoscope, this is visible as a distinctive pattern of damage in the gut.
The man who performed the original investigations
was Simon Murch.
The first two or three children had really very striking changes.
One had ulceration in the bottom of the small bowel, what's called the terminal ileum.
And that was of sufficient severity that we actually thought this was Crohn's disease.
We've now scoped over 200 children, in other words, performed this invasive procedure on 200 children to investigate the intestinal tract and find that there is a remarkably consistent disease.
Although Wakefield's claims are supported by a small number of scientists, the majority of gastroenterologists are still sceptical about the existence of the new condition.
Certainly I've talked to the majority of my colleagues around the UK, in UK and North America, and they pretty well agree with us.
I mean, where perhaps we haven't been very good is actually saying this to the public, that this is a whole lot of nonsense.
But Wakefield responded that he had a second key piece of evidence that showed that a subset of children could have been damaged by MMR.
He claimed to have found the measles virus in their bodies.
Wakefield's theory was that the measles virus in the vaccine was causing a persistent infection.
So it should be possible to find traces of the virus in the child's body.
His own laboratory had searched for the virus, but without success.
But then he met someone who was to take his research to a new stage.
John O'Leary is an expert at detecting viruses, even when there's only a small amount of the virus to find.
Only a tiny amount available.
What will they use?
He uses a technique called PCR, which can make copies of the genetic code inside a virus, turning a single copy into billions.
Interesting.
So, with PCR, you can detect even a single virus particle.
Wow, even a single virus particle.
That's impressive.
Wakefield sent O'Leary small samples of bowel tissue that he'd taken during the examination of the children.
O'Leary tested these samples for the presence of the measles virus.
Using proprietary primers for a number of different proteins, I'm sure.
What he found would reignite the MMR controversy once more.
We've identified a persistent measles virus infection in the guts of these children.
which is statistically significant as compared to normal controls.
Statistically significant.
So they are going on statistics that the signal is present in the controls, but it is p-value significantly different in the infected kids.
Holy shit.
That is much more likely.
That's a lab leak.
Wow, that's amazeballs.
O'Leary claimed to have found the measles virus in 82% of the samples from the autistic children examined by Dr. Wakefield.
Then he went further and claimed to have found the virus in the blood of autistic children.
What O'Leary had found was fragments of the measles virus in both the blood and gut samples.
Now, there was no reason why the measles virus should be there.
And where did it come from in vaccinated children?
It had to have come from the vaccination.
It tells us that in children whose only recorded exposure to the virus has been as the vaccine, the vaccine or the virus is still there in their intestine.
The problem is that our expert, James Lyon Weiner, is sure that
The target of vaccinations are being transmitted asymptomatically all the time.
Asymptomatic carriers are created by the vaccine schedule.
And so the idea that these people are only exposed to the virus via the vaccine stands in contradiction to what people like James Lyons Weiler and others teach us about the vaccination schedule and what it accomplishes and what it doesn't.
Also kind of unfortunate.
often many years later.
O'Leary's research propelled the MMR controversy into the news once more.
Headlines presented it as proof of a link.
But again, many scientists were not convinced by O'Leary's work.
We had been waiting for really some time to see when this material was going to come out in a peer-reviewed journal and so on, and it was a big disappointment, frankly, from a virological point of view, almost impossible to assess.
The problem is that PCR can sometimes be too good.
It's incredible power to copy a single piece of genetic material means that the tiniest bit of contamination can make the results worthless.
According to his critics, O'Leary's paper didn't have enough detail to show whether his methods were reliable or not.
Because it's so sensitive, anything that's a contaminant that creeps in from, in this case, a measles sequence, either in the lab or in the sample that you're looking at, or floating in the air or whatever, can actually give you a very misleading result.
Interesting.
I wonder if they had that same problem during COVID.
I mean... I didn't expect this to be here, but I'm very happy it is.
And so, the two sides were deadlocked.
The anti-MMR campaign believed that they had strong clinical evidence, the new bowel disease and the presence of the measles virus to back up their claims.
But the medical establishment dismissed their case, preferring to rely on epidemiology.
And for years, little independent clinical research into these claims was funded to the anger of many parents.
It needs clinical, scientific research.
Forget the epidemiology.
Look at the children, look at the samples, look at the samples down a microscope.
Keep the science.
The lack of such research has fuelled suspicion that the government simply wasn't taking people's concerns seriously.
But now at last, the deadlock is being broken.
New clinical research is going on to answer the questions.
Is there a subset of autistic children with a new form of bowel disease?
And can the measles virus be found in the blood of autistic children?
Mass General.
What?
I'm going to quit.
That's what you want to do.
Timothy Bui is a pediatric gastroenterologist in Boston.
What makes him unique is that he works in a clinic that specializes in the care of children with autism and related disorders.
Like Dr. Wakefield, he has found that many of these children do have real bowel problems that are worthy of investigation.
And in some cases, the parents blame their child's problems on MMR.
Well, she got the MMR shot about 18 months old, about 20 months, 22 months.
It was just, everything started dropping away.
It was just like one day all of a sudden a wall went down.
So she stopped responding, she stopped talking, she stopped looking at us.
It was scary.
It was like I lost my child.
Parents are not being reassured by an answer that we think this is okay, we know this is okay, epidemiologically this looks okay.
Parents are not confident with that answer yet.
We need to do the work to look for the answers and try to confirm or refute the finding.
The question is, do these children have a unique pattern of damage caused by a new form of bowel disease, as claimed by Andrew Wakefield?
Answering that requires colonoscopy.
So this is a colonoscope, and it has camera technology that really allows us to look down with light into the gut.
And literally, winding through the colon is like driving a Grand Prix.
We try to be very careful to come around corners.
Wheels on the top of the scope here let me turn.
I can use my body to turn and reposition the scope.
I think people who are very good endoscopists are quite artistic.
They look like they're doing Tai Chi at times.
What did he eat?
Holy moly.
We're going to get a culture of seeds here.
I do not know what he ate.
Look at that.
One of the biggest challenges, I think, sometimes to get into the end part of the small intestine, because it's a very sharp turn.
That's a long drive.
Dang it.
Finally, Dr. Bui maneuvers into the small intestine.
Here, he finds prominent nodules of lymph tissue
Enlarged lymph nodules in the gut are one of the features associated with the new disease.
And you can actually see them beautifully illustrated in this child.
He's got an area on the small bowel that is on one side of the bowel.
It's very smooth.
And on the other side of the bowel, it's very lumpy and bumpy and nodular.
But this child isn't autistic.
He's developmentally completely normal.
Most pediatric gastroenterologists would say that they see this very frequently.
They see it in most children, especially children in this age, under age seven or eight.
His research is still ongoing.
But despite having performed colonoscopies on hundreds of children, both with and without autism, Dr. Bui has so far seen nothing that convinces him that autistic children have a new or distinctive form of bowel disease.
So I'm going to advance here.
It's almost two o'clock.
This is for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
There's a lot of history we still have to study and catalog.
I think the BBC Horizons show is one of those things.
I dropped it in the link earlier, or in the chat earlier.
You can find all of these episodes, watch them at your leisure.
Ladies and gentlemen, at the heart of this is the idea that intramuscular injection is dumb.
There's no medicine that they can justify injecting into your muscle with a good biological explanation, just like there is no good biological explanation that's natural for what happened in 2020 to 2022.
The only thing that they can do is use synthetic recombinant genetics to make DNA and RNA, and they can use that trick to do lots of things.
And that includes making a very large, absolutely unnatural quantity of a pure DNA, which is the ultimate PCR positive.
And so PCR has a diagnostic, is a fraud.
And in fact, you heard in this video that for the results of Andrew Wakefield's own papers, they specifically used the, you know, contamination could be the result here.
as justification for discarding his findings.
Now what you need to see is that very same hypersensitivity, that super ability of PCR to do what they claim it can do, is no different than what it could have done in 2020 on a very hot background.
Again,
I will point out that this hot background was there during the making of this and during all of the MMR studies that Andrew Wakefield did.
And that background was ignored, a background that has insufficiently been described to you up until this stage.
But next week, we will start with this as the foundation of our understanding of what is going on with our own biology.
Our new Biology 101 is going to be founded in this understanding of what that background is.
And of course, the dismissal of the pandemic can be really edified almost exclusively by this one idea that if they had an agent in Wuhan and they can make a pure synthetic quantity, then she could have certainly found it.
Transfection is a crime, ladies and gentlemen, and Brian Hooker could have told college kids that in 2020, just like he could have told you that Brandy Vaughn was the closest to getting it correct before the pandemic that intramuscular injection is a pretty questionable methodology for the application of medicine.
The way they got away with it is placebo.
It's probably also the way that they get away with the childhood vaccine schedule as we know it.
Ladies and gentlemen, endemic is a myth.
Endemicity is a myth.
And racism is not endemic to the American culture.
You can dismiss this with one statement, RNA cannot pandemic.
All you need is a hot background and non-specific PCR test, just like described in that 2005 BBC video.
Thank you very much for joining me.
RNA cannot pandemic intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfecting healthy people is a crime and the population pyramids is a problem in need of solving.
Thanks very much for being here.
I will see you guys again probably tomorrow for another study hall as I try to get warmed up and get ready to start teaching next week.
Thanks for being here.
See you soon.
Congratulations, Jay Bhattacharya, the new director of the NIH.
That's the reason why I have the green light to go on the new Biology 101.
It's going to hit hard, ladies and gentlemen.
By the end of next week, there are going to be some tears being shed, I assure you.
I've got a great gift for you.
I can't wait.
I cannot wait.